he who is emasculated by crushing or
he who is emasculated by crushing or mutilation
mutilation
mutilation shall not enter the Assembly of the Lord
one of illegitimate birth shall not
one of illegitimate birth shall not enter the Assembly of the Lord even to
enter the Assembly of the Lord even to
enter the Assembly of the Lord even to the tenth generation none of his
the tenth generation none of his
the tenth generation none of his descendants shall enter the Assembly of
descendants shall enter the Assembly of
descendants shall enter the Assembly of the Lord an ammonite or Moabite shall
the Lord an ammonite or Moabite shall
the Lord an ammonite or Moabite shall not enter the Assembly of the Lord even
not enter the Assembly of the Lord even
not enter the Assembly of the Lord even to the tenth generation none of his
to the tenth generation none of his
to the tenth generation none of his descendants shall enter the Assembly of
descendants shall enter the Assembly of
descendants shall enter the Assembly of the Lord for ever because they did not
the Lord for ever because they did not
the Lord for ever because they did not meet you with bread and water on the
meet you with bread and water on the
meet you with bread and water on the road when you came out of Egypt and
road when you came out of Egypt and
road when you came out of Egypt and because they hired against you Balaam
because they hired against you Balaam
because they hired against you Balaam the son of Beor from peeth of
the son of Beor from peeth of
the son of Beor from peeth of mesopotamia to curse you nevertheless
mesopotamia to curse you nevertheless
mesopotamia to curse you nevertheless the Lord your God would not listen to
the Lord your God would not listen to
the Lord your God would not listen to Balaam but the Lord your God turned the
Balaam but the Lord your God turned the
Balaam but the Lord your God turned the curse into a blessing for you because
curse into a blessing for you because
curse into a blessing for you because the Lord your God loves you
you shall not seek their peace nor their
you shall not seek their peace nor their prosperity all your days forever you
prosperity all your days forever you
prosperity all your days forever you shall not a poorer an Edomite for he is
shall not a poorer an Edomite for he is
shall not a poorer an Edomite for he is your brother
your brother
your brother you shall not abhor an Egyptian because
you shall not abhor an Egyptian because
you shall not abhor an Egyptian because you were an alien in his land the
you were an alien in his land the
you were an alien in his land the children of the third generation born to
children of the third generation born to
children of the third generation born to them may enter the Assembly of the Lord
them may enter the Assembly of the Lord
them may enter the Assembly of the Lord when the army goes out against your
when the army goes out against your
when the army goes out against your enemies then keep yourself from every
enemies then keep yourself from every
enemies then keep yourself from every wicked thing if there is any man among
wicked thing if there is any man among
wicked thing if there is any man among you becomes unclean by some occurrence
you becomes unclean by some occurrence
you becomes unclean by some occurrence in the night then he shall go outside to
in the night then he shall go outside to
in the night then he shall go outside to the camp he shall not come inside the
the camp he shall not come inside the
the camp he shall not come inside the camp but it shall be when evening comes
camp but it shall be when evening comes
camp but it shall be when evening comes that he shall wash with water and when
that he shall wash with water and when
that he shall wash with water and when the Sun sets he may come into the camp
the Sun sets he may come into the camp
the Sun sets he may come into the camp [Music]
[Music]
[Music] also you shall have a place outside the
also you shall have a place outside the
also you shall have a place outside the camp where you may go out and you shall
camp where you may go out and you shall
camp where you may go out and you shall have an implement among your equipment
have an implement among your equipment
have an implement among your equipment and when you sit down outside you shall
and when you sit down outside you shall
and when you sit down outside you shall dig with it
dig with it
dig with it and turn and cover your refuse for the
and turn and cover your refuse for the
and turn and cover your refuse for the Lord your God walks in the midst of your
Lord your God walks in the midst of your
Lord your God walks in the midst of your camp to deliver you and give your
camp to deliver you and give your
camp to deliver you and give your enemies over to you therefore your camp
enemies over to you therefore your camp
enemies over to you therefore your camp shall be holy that he may see no unclean
shall be holy that he may see no unclean
shall be holy that he may see no unclean thing among you and turn away from you
you shall not give back to his master
you shall not give back to his master the slave who has escaped from his
the slave who has escaped from his
the slave who has escaped from his master to you he may dwell with you in
master to you he may dwell with you in
master to you he may dwell with you in your midst in the place which he chooses
your midst in the place which he chooses
your midst in the place which he chooses within one of your gates where it seems
within one of your gates where it seems
within one of your gates where it seems best to him you shall not oppress him
best to him you shall not oppress him
best to him you shall not oppress him there shall be no ritual harlot of the
there shall be no ritual harlot of the
there shall be no ritual harlot of the daughters of Israel or a perverted one
daughters of Israel or a perverted one
daughters of Israel or a perverted one of the sons of Israel
you shall not bring the wages of a
you shall not bring the wages of a harlot or the price of a dog to the
harlot or the price of a dog to the
harlot or the price of a dog to the house of the Lord your God for any vowed
house of the Lord your God for any vowed
house of the Lord your God for any vowed offering for both of these are an
offering for both of these are an
offering for both of these are an abomination to the Lord your God you
abomination to the Lord your God you
abomination to the Lord your God you shall not charge interest to your
shall not charge interest to your
shall not charge interest to your brother interest on money or food or
brother interest on money or food or
brother interest on money or food or anything that is lent out at interest to
anything that is lent out at interest to
anything that is lent out at interest to a foreigner you may charge interest but
a foreigner you may charge interest but
a foreigner you may charge interest but to your brother you shall not charge
to your brother you shall not charge
to your brother you shall not charge interest that the Lord your God may
interest that the Lord your God may
interest that the Lord your God may bless you in all to which you set your
bless you in all to which you set your
bless you in all to which you set your hand in the land which you are entering
hand in the land which you are entering
hand in the land which you are entering to possess when you make a vow to the
to possess when you make a vow to the
to possess when you make a vow to the Lord your God you shall not delay to pay
Lord your God you shall not delay to pay
Lord your God you shall not delay to pay it for the Lord your God will surely
it for the Lord your God will surely
it for the Lord your God will surely require its view and it would be sin to
require its view and it would be sin to
require its view and it would be sin to you but if you abstain from vowing it
you but if you abstain from vowing it
you but if you abstain from vowing it shall not be sin to you that which has
shall not be sin to you that which has
shall not be sin to you that which has gone from your lips you shall keep and
gone from your lips you shall keep and
gone from your lips you shall keep and perform or you voluntarily vow to the
perform or you voluntarily vow to the
perform or you voluntarily vow to the Lord your God what you have promised
Lord your God what you have promised
Lord your God what you have promised with your mouth
with your mouth
with your mouth [Music]
[Music]
[Music] when you come into your neighbors
when you come into your neighbors
when you come into your neighbors vineyard you may eat your fill of grapes
vineyard you may eat your fill of grapes
vineyard you may eat your fill of grapes at your pleasure but you shall not put
at your pleasure but you shall not put
at your pleasure but you shall not put any in your container then you come into
any in your container then you come into
any in your container then you come into your neighbors standing grain you may
your neighbors standing grain you may
your neighbors standing grain you may pluck the heads with your hand but you
pluck the heads with your hand but you
pluck the heads with your hand but you shall not use a sickle on your
shall not use a sickle on your
shall not use a sickle on your neighbor's standing green